But anyhow, Jack McCreary, my roommate, Wayne was
responsible for his going to Harvard Business
School. He touched a lot of students.
Unbelievable guy. Did any of you or any of your
acquaintances ever get the lecture from Wayne
Stark that some students call the green couch
treatment? I don't recall that. What I do remember
about Wayne Stark, particularly when I became
president of the association, And Wayne was still
pretty active at that time. I'm not sure he was
still director, but he was. One thing, he had a file
system that would absolutely blow your mind. And
he had a file on every student that had come into
contact. Not the J. Edgar Hoover kind of file, but
the kind of file that and just helped him get kids
placed into graduate schools and things like
that. He showed me those files one time. In fact, I
was asking about some person. He said, well, let me
show you this. And I was asking about some person. I
put out the file, and I had the guy's professional
history.
That's
just my main recollection of him. All right. Guyon
Hall. Do you remember any activities in Guyon
Hall? Oh, sure. What happened at Guyon Hall? Guy
Hall was where we had, I believe, where we had a lot
of the entertainers come in from Guy Hall. Elvis
Presley came there as my freshman year. Buddy
Holly, as I told you outside this tape, was my
classmate in A&M, and I first saw Elvis Presley in
Lubbock when he came in 1955 in the opening act
where Elvis was Buddy Holly. The only time they
ever appeared on the same stage. That was at A&M?
No, no, at Lubbock High School. So I'd seen Elvis
one time before A&M. I saw Elvis two times, one at
Lubbock and one at A&M. Interesting side note
there, when Buddy Holly opened up the Elvis
Presley show, he went through these gyrations and
he was looked by a local guy and was moved off the
stage because everybody thought this high school
nerd was trying to act like Elvis Presley. Little
did we know that the guy was a musical genius. And
it's absolutely revered in England, though, much
more so in the United States. But Elvis Presley is
one I remember. We had the four freshmen. I
remember that because everybody called him Fish,
the four fish.
Matt Davis, also from another period one time, in
somebody's place. He was just starting to make it
big. I may be wrong about that. I might have seen
Matt Davis after I graduated, but he came to the
A&M. So the Guyon Hall and G. Raleigh White had just
been constructed, so that was the place where we
had the entertainers and so forth. Religious
emphasis week, was that still going on when you
were there? Yes, it was. Can you remember it? Can
you describe it? The only thing that comes to my
mind on that is that we, in our particular outfit,
you had to go to church. You didn't have a choice,
even if you didn't want to. Religious emphasis
week. I remember we had it, and it was a routine
thing all four years, but I don't... Most of us went
to church anyhow. It wouldn't have been a deal.
Yeah. Describe that. Where did the typical
students go to? To whatever religion they were
raised in. And where were those churches located?
All around the campus. Everything Jewish,
Catholic, Protestant. Obviously, most of us were
Protestants. I went to the Indian Methodist
Church there. I got a lot off the campus and just
north of the campus there. Let's discuss student
diversity.
generalize about the student body in your day, it
was basically what? Basically, part Anglo-Saxon
Protestants.
The biggest minority in him when I was there, and it
was quite a sizable minority, were Hispanics. And
how were they treated? It was kind of interesting.
And it was very ethnic, and it was done in a very
positive sort of way. If you were a Catholic, you
were just lambasted. in a funny sort of way. If you
had a girlfriend who was just marginally good
looking and we were lambasted, it was above the
kind of deal. Hispanics were treated like
Hispanics but with a tremendous amount of
respect. Because most of them came from very poor
families down the border. First ones in their
whole families to ever get an education. So they
were treated with a tremendous amount of respect.
Were there any Jewish students? Yes, a few. And how
were they treated? It's kind of funny. Most of us
didn't even know any difference between Jews and
Protestants. We didn't know. You know, we'd been
raised outside, far away from most Jewish people.
So, to me, they're just like a Methodist or a
Baptist or a Presbyterian. Were there any Asian?
Virtually none. Virtually none. And, of course,
we were undergraduates. At that time, the
graduate school down here was very small. And, as
you know, you get most of, a lot of your foreign
students in the in graduate school. We did have,
and we couldn't differentiate, we didn't have a
lot of people of Latin backgrounds, and it was
pretty hotbed then for people in South America, as
well as Mexico, to send their, particularly in
agriculture, more than engineering, to send
their sons to A&M. So we had quite a few people of
Latin backgrounds. And how were they treated? Oh,
most of them were not the core. because they had no
military obligation to the United States. So we
didn't really associate with a lot of them, but
they were civilians. No differently than anybody
else. And I assume that almost everybody,
faculty, staff, or student, had a nickname in
those days. Just about. And were those nicknames
intended to be negative or positive? It was more of
the ethos of that day. You're always criticized in
a good sort of way. The old saying is, I'd rather be
criticized by friends than praised by enemies,
and that kind of held true. The more they criticize
you, the more they like you. In fact, I think they
even put nicknames in the yearbook. I know they did
for many years. Yeah, I think they did back in my
time. Athletics. You mentioned the football
coach. Tell me about football during your time.
Well, football had gone from... And of course, I'd
followed A&M football since the 40s. It
languished in the early 50s. And then Bear Bryant
came in in 1954. I entered A&M in 55. So I was there at
the exponential growth of football interest and
actually at the apogee at that time. Bear Bryant
was coached at A&M three years out of my four. So it
was the hottest thing on campus. Who were the
famous football heroes in your Well, of course, we
had to memorize the whole team as a freshman. I had
to know everybody on the team. So an
upperclassman, I'd sit next to an upperclassman,
somebody would make a play, I'd have to tell them
who it was. They wouldn't buy a program. They used
freshmen for their program, let's say 50 cents. So
I knew every person on the team, not personally,
but just their numbers. Obviously, we had John
Crow and Lloyd Taylor and
Jimmy Wright. Charlie Krueger, those were some of
the more famous. Who were those two guys that
played in the two starting ends? John Tracy played
one and Gene Stallage played one. Gene Stallage
was an end. And then another end that was from
Breckenridge was a fellow named Keith. Oh, Bobby
Drake Keith. Sure. Bobby Drake Keith. Dear
friend. Is that right? He's now president of what
used to be Arkansas Power and Light. No kidding.
It's Inter-G Arkansas now. Actually, Bobby Drake
Keith graduated in about 57, as I recall, or 56. He
was a little, he was not. He and Beebs were one year
behind Crow. That's right. The Junction
Survivors
formed really the core team. They were the
preceding class before the big recruiting teams.
which that Bear Blount did in 55. So the class of
those that came as freshmen in 56, or 55, I guess,
were the ones who really propelled them to
national status. Describe a typical home
football Saturday of routine for a student. Well,
if you're a freshman, you sit in the end zone with
shaved heads and no girlfriend. That was kind of
the tradition. Sophomore, you moved toward the
goal line with maybe a girlfriend. Junior year,
you moved about the 20-yard line with a
girlfriend. Senior year, you maybe had two
girlfriends, but sitting on close to 50, so it kind
of been one year. We didn't watch any of the other
games. Kyle Field held about 38,000 to 40,000 at
that time. They just made the first edition of the
new press box. It was kind of weird looking. Not a
second debt, just an extension on the west side.
Was there anything that happened on Friday
nights? Oh, yeah, sure. We had the midnight yell
practice. Describe that. Well, midnight yell
practice would go to the Grove. And it was just a
great time. Band marching in. He would have you, if
you had a day chat, you'd go to midnight yell
practice. It was a lot of fun. And then you'd
normally have a dance Saturday night after the
game. Did anything happen after midnight yell
practice was over? Normally not. No, I'm not. We
would go to individual parties or something, get
back in about 3 o'clock in the morning, but nothing
orchestrated after midnight kill practice. Then
Saturday morning, what? Saturday morning, you
could sack in, as I recall. I don't think you had a
formation Saturday morning with a football game
because you marched in the game. So you'd
congregate around 10 or 11 o'clock and march in, as
I recall. And since they were winning almost all
those games, what happened at the end of the game?
We'd throw you out there. At that time, You throw
them in the fountain. I'm trying to think. We
didn't have much of a fountain at that time. As I
recall, we had kind of a little bowl deal over where
the rudder center is now, which wasn't there at
that time. And you just put them in that and you'd
throw a bucket of water on them. It wasn't a big
fountain, but it was the same kind of condition, if
you won, which we normally did. And since the
Aggies were winning, what happened after
touchdowns? Well, you do the same as you do now. You
kiss your date. Let's see, G. Raleigh, tell me
about a basketball. Barry Brunn, I believe, was an
athletic director when he first got there. I think
that was part of the package. He brought in a guy
named Bobby Rogers, who was, I believe it was Bobby
Rogers. No, I'm sorry, it was one before he'd
actually written a book. It was one before Bobby
Rogers. From up at LaSalle. I think that's right.
I'm trying to think of his name. I can't remember
his name. But Bobby Rogers was coached most of the
time I was there. I had one of the people at my
wedding was a basketball player, a guy named Neil
Swisher, who was also a civil engineer. He and I
were classmates and went to a lot of classes
together. Good friend, great basketball player.
We had, I think, kind of a middle-of-the-run
basketball team at that time. We weren't real bad,
weren't real good. Did you all go to the games?
Sure, went to every game. And what kind of special
curriculum was there for athletes then? I had
quite a few athletes in my class, Bear Bryant type
athletes. Most of them are not scholars. I've
heard that he recruited 100 kids in 1955, which we
graduated on time. That's probably right. I think
a lot more graduated.
But most of the athletes took, he had a few
exceptions. Most of the athletes were not, you
know, were football players, took PE. Certainly a
few exceptions. We had John Crow was a very bright
guy, Charlie Milstead, an engineer. In fact,
Charlie and I are kind of the same profession. And
Stallings and... Gene Stallings was a good
serious student. And Keith was a... Bobby Drake
Keith was. I mean, there were certainly...
Geologically... I'm talking about the class
after that of the hundred, not the Stallings
crowd. Other campus organizations for students,
singing cadets, what were they like then? Great,
great like they are now. Any of your friends in the
singing? Very few. For some reason, other than
Buddy Holly, I've never hung around people who had
any musical talent. The band, describe it in your
day. It was big for that time, I think about 150,
something like that, members. Room band, white
band. Did you all have a respect for the band?
Certainly, a bit. In fact, a lot of my classmates
were in a band. The student government, was it? I
think it was kind of secondary, really. The campus
centered around the Corps of Cadets. And you
always had a president of a senior class, a
president of a junior class. But the status in the
Corps was far more of a factor than being an officer
in the class. Student politics was just really, I
didn't know the difference between Republican or
Democratic, conservative or liberal, I mean. I
just didn't know that. In terms of prestige, of all
the extracurricular offices on the campus, the
Corps ranked highest? Oh, by far. And then what?
Probably where you were a distinguished student
or not. That was a big deal. Or a distinguished
military student. We were called DMS or a
distinguished student. Yell leader, band
commander? Yell leaders were always a different
breed. Kind of a wild bunch of people. Most of the
Yale leaders, with a few exceptions, were wild,
uninhibited, non-scholars, great guys.
Certainly true of my class, kind of smoky high. But
Yale leaders were certainly respected. But
again, I think the corps status emasculated all
other, all other, how you go in a corps, not
necessarily just the rank, but the designation's
very important to you. Singing cadets? Were they
around then? Sure. Thank you for asking that.
Yeah, they were respected. Let's see. Don't
reveal any secrets now, but were there said to be
any secret fraternities around in your day? Not in
my time. There was before I got there. It was a big
scandal. I think it was called the TTs.
But, and I never could understand that. When I was
in high school, they had this great cataclysmic
revelation of the secret fraternity, which I
never really understood. When I got there, it was a
non-issue, and the whole four years I was there, it
never came up. Did the letters TT, did those
letters stand for anything? Well, they called
them true tools, but I don't know what it really
stood for. A tool was a very derogatory word. Did
you ever hear of the stickers? No. The swastikas?
No, never heard of them. I've heard mention of that
way back into the 20s.
Let's see, you mentioned RVs. Tell me about how did
one get into the RVs and what did it mean and what
were the joys? Fabulous organization, fabulous
organization. Yesterday, you had to have a 2.0 to
get in. to even be considered being, it was out of a
3.0 system, so it would be a 2.0 out of 3. So it would
be a 3.0 under today. Yes, I guess a 3.0, but at that
time it was 2.0. You had to have no blemishes on your
record. You had to have some military bearing. I'm
not sure there was any discrimination on what rank
you were in the Corps, but that was certainly a
factor. It was pretty rigorous. We were juniors,
you had to be a junior to get in. And very few, I would
say that 80% of the RVs at that time were juniors.
Just a few stayed in as commanders. Rainbow one
certainly being one, two later. And how many were
admitted per year? I'm going to guess there were
three platoons and probably about 20 or 30
platoons. I was going to say about 70, 80,
somewhere in that range with RVs. You had RV drill
pretty regularly. It took a lot of time. I think you
were really brought in more for your scholarship
than for your military bearing, so they had to take
these people and put them into a military
position. Great perks, perquisites. Such as?
Well, the biggest one, of course, was going to
Mardi Gras. So we had, of course, going to New
Orleans for Mardi Gras. Just an unbelievable deal
for us. Describe that trip. Well, we stayed at a
naval base. I can't remember the name of it. I'm
trying to think. It's like Kim Johnson or
something like that on Lake Pontchartrain. It was
kind of interesting because there were very rigid
requirements when you actually were going
through drill. The official governor's escort,
even back in those days, their cross-volunteers
were. The thing I'll never forget is that we had a
drill when we were marching into Mardi Gras, which
was unbelievable. experience back in 1958. We
slapped a rifle on the pavement and turned 90
degrees and faced the crowd and went through a kind
of certain routine. And you couldn't move your
eyeballs. You couldn't do anything. It was
strictly a rigid deal. And you would get gigged
pretty hard if you did anything wrong. And we went
through a routine where, of course, the crowd was
right next to us. A rather drunken or reveling
crowd. And I hit the pavement with my rifle and
turned 90 degrees and faced the crowd. And there
was a big female, a big tall gal dressed as a bunny.
And she stuck a carrot in my mouth. So here I was with
my R.E. uniform on and a carrot sticking out of my
mouth.
It absolutely broke me up. I left the rest of the
deal there and I did pretty hard. I bit the carrot
out, but I still do. I was so tickled I lost most of my
discipline. No, that's a good story. But it's a
true story. Anyhow, we had a great time. Did
anybody do anything unusual after hours? Well,
yeah. We all went down to Bourbon Street and saw
things we'd never seen before, and it was kind of a
big scene, but nobody got in bad trouble. Let's
see. Define hazing. as it was practiced in those
days at A&M? We were hazed. I would say, in
retrospect, 90% of it was good and probably legal.
What did it involve? Mainly just recollection,
standing at a brace and sitting on a pink chair,
which means you'd sit down at your knees at 90
degrees on a clothes hanger for long periods of
time. Good physical training.
Just going through a lot of verbal hazing as a
freshman. I got never hazed. I never hazed as a
sophomore. And I kind of kid Ray Bowen that he made
me do push-ups, which he did a lot as an RV. Ray made
us do a lot of push-ups. I told him I still had a bad
back, and I was thinking about initiating a
lawsuit, but he said the statute of limitations
had already cleared him. A lot of push-ups and
things like that. I was beat one time with a board,
grabbed a pooch, which I think he'll leave at that
time. And it wasn't... It wasn't widespread. It
was very settlement-type. Do you remember what
the excuse was for that paddling? Had you
supposedly done anything wrong? Oh, sure. Oh,
yeah. You never really did anything seriously
wrong. They just would find something that you did
wrong. Do you remember anything that, by those
standards or ours today, that was truly
excessive? No. I really don't. And how often was
that board used? Very seldom. It was used and it was
illegal at that time. It was against core
regulations at that time. Who were the key core
advisor, commander professionals? General Joe
Davis was the top guy, Colonel Davis. Describe
him. Well, he was kind of, as I recall, kind of a
nondescript sort of guy.
Retired military and I don't think he made a mark on
up or down, but nobody really paid much attention
to him. The attack officers, which are mostly
second lieutenants or first lieutenants, were
the ones that we had most of the interface with.
Colonel Joe would have all the right buzzwords,
but I don't think he was really a force there, up or
down. Alright, on the campus administration, who
were the key people? The president and so forth?
Well, we had an interim president my freshman
year. I think who was a dean of agriculture or
something like that. He was just kind of a stock gap
guy. Then, of course, Earl Rudder came in in 1957.
That was really, as you and I have discussed, off
the record was kind of a cataclysmic event for A&M.
Describe his coming and the reaction, if you
remember any reaction. I remember very well. Very
controversial, right up and down the line. And of
course, the academics, the faculty didn't like
him because he didn't have a PhD. He was strictly a
political tool. Students didn't like him because
he was a frog, which means, of course, coming in at
midterm, which means you miss all the real hazing,
which is the absolute zenith of naivety when you
look at his World War II record. So he came in with
just about universal negative perception on
campus, all the way from the faculty to the corps
cadets, which just shows you again how naive you
are when you're young sometimes. Did he interact
at all with the Corps, with the student body? Did
you all see much of him? Frankly, I didn't too much.
I think he was so overwhelmed when he got there. He
came in as a land commissioner, as you know,
Baskin-Giles problem here, and he came in with a,
we all knew about that, we were cognizant of that,
that he straightened out a lot of graft corruption
here at the state level. So he had that degree of
respect. But they just couldn't make the
extrapolation between being a land commissioner
and being a president of the a major university.
Frankly, I don't think I ever talked with him the
whole time I was at EM, nor very few of my colleagues
did. I think he was so overwhelmed trying to get a
fix on the job that he didn't interface with the
students a lot at that time. As a former student, I
had a lot of interface with him, obviously. But as a
student, interfacing with the president was not
one of our priorities and probably not one of his at
that time. Were the project houses still being
occupied by students then? Certainly. On both
sides of the campus. Yeah, describe those. Well,
they were just World War II barracks. And who lived
there? Graduate students and married students.
Okay. Let's see. Bryan Field had closed. Freshmen
were no longer going out there. It was an Air Force
base. Yeah, yeah. Bryan Air Force base. I think
they used T-33 trainers. Let's see. Summer's job,
your summer job was not a specific A&M-related
job. How did you go back and forth from Lubbock to
College Station? I didn't have a part of my junior
year. So how did you get back? One time I took a
train. That was because we had a terrible
snowstorm. It was Christmas. Describe that. It
was Christmas in Lubbock. I believe it was my
freshman year. I know it was my freshman year.
Christmas. And I drove in with some of our friends,
some upperclassmen. A guy named Jerry Davis was a
pole vaulter to him from Lubbock. And he Of course,
lived the privileged life because he was an
athlete. He had a car. So I would drive home with
him. When we got to Lubbock over Christmas, we had a
terrible snowstorm. This was the winter of 55, 56.
The only way to get out of Lubbock was by train, so I
took the train back. All-night train. Left
Lubbock going from, actually, from L.A. to
Houston. Santa Fe, and I took the train back, and it
dropped us off at Caldwell. But other than that, I
would drive. How'd you get from Caldwell to the
camp? Hitchhike. Tell me about Aggie
hitchhiking. Well, it was widespread in those
days. If you had a uniform on it, it sure sent you to
go ride with somebody responsible. You wouldn't
think of it these days, but we hitchhiked a lot. My
freshman and sophomore year, my grandparents
lived in Austin here, so I spent a lot of time in
Austin. I eventually had a girlfriend down here,
so I hitchhiked all the time. Where was the
favorite hitchhiking location? near the campus
in order to go to Austin? Right over there,
well, Highway 6 if you're going to Houston,
obviously, but if you weren't, right over where
the Doodyville Ag Building is, right over that
railroad hump, you'd hitchhike on that, but you'd
get back over to,
gosh, I forgot the highway number that went to
Bastrop. Was there a protocol for Aggie
hitchhiking? Not particularly. But if you're
already there and I come up Can I go out in front of
you? No, you stand in line. But there normally
weren't more than, I don't recall more than three
or four Aggies. Normally you picked up with one
car. Did rank matter? Class? Not that I recall. I
understand that it... No, I never heard of that.
Did you ever hear of anybody having any problems
hitchhiking? Not one time.
And today we'd be horrified. You know, it's
funny... Normally the hitchhikers are more at
risk than the one driving the car because I've
hitchhiked with a couple of grumps a few times and I
was always kind of nervous.
But today the driver of the car probably is more at
risk than the hitchhiker, but in those days the
hitchhiker was the one at risk. All right, now this
was an all-male campus in those days. Where did an
Aggie get a date? Well, various places. The myth is
that Texas Women's University or TSCW at that
time, I knew very few Aggies who dated Galsmer.
Most of us. I made migrations down here at the
University of Texas. My mother had gone here, had
strong ties with UT, to today. I just loved the
place, and they had the best looking women, I
thought. Were Aggie, was it okay for a UT female to
date an Aggie? Not, you know, I tell you, it was a
little bit of a stigma. They caught a lot of flack.
the girls did the girls the UT girls they used to
call it a flag but by and large not too much the male
students at UT really looked down upon us big time
as being the country cousins which is not just true
in Texas it's true in almost any land grant school I
hear the same stories when I talk with people from
Auburn for example or other land grant schools as
compared to the main university Iowa State Kansas
State it was mostly now when you came over to Austin
what did you wear Oh, I'd always be in civilian
clothes. In other words, the rules were as a
freshman, you'd have to be 20 miles off campus
before you'd get out of your uniform. I think as a
sophomore on, you could hitch out in on red, but
you'd put a uniform on because it's easier to get a
ride. But as soon as we got off campus, I might come
in my uniform all the way to my grandparents' house
here in Austin, but as soon as I got there, I
changed. When a young lady came to College Station
for a date, where did she stay? Well, there were
hotels around. and a lot of private families,
private homes or places, but mostly we'd keep them
in hotels. There weren't too many around, but
there were a lot of motels. What were the special
events for which you would want to have a date?
Well, they had the junior ball, the sophomore
ball, the military ball, and the rain dance. Those
were the big three. Where were those held?
Describe them. Mostly Spesa, Spesa Hall. They
were just like they were back in the 20s, 30s. I
think Spesa Hall had been probably the site of
more... dances and parties at A&M than any other
building in history or past, present, or future at
A&M. But those were the three that were the big
occasions. How did you Aggies behave at one of
those dances? Oh, like gentlemen. Did young
ladies enjoy coming to? Oh, blew their mind.
Absolutely blew their mind. Just today. And what
did they wear?
Well, when you look at those formals, you know,
which are about 10 feet wide at the bottom and Two
feet wide at the top, there's just a lot of fluff and
colors and all sorts of things. Typical 50s deal.
50s was my favorite decade of my lifetime. Let's
see. Describe the community of College Station
around the campus. Describe what was at Northgate
and Southgate and Eastgate. Actually, I'm pretty
well qualified to do that. I married a Bryan girl. I
call it the Bryan girl, whose father was a
contractor who built a lot of the buildings in and
around the campus at College Station. So after I
got married, which was one year out of A&M, I really
kind of learned just a lot from him, a lot of the
community life in both College Station and Bryan.
College Station was strictly a college town. I
imagine that 80 or a very high percentage of the
people who lived there were associated in one way
or the other with the college. Bryan was a little
bit different. Bryan was an old East Texas town. It
didn't have quite as strong ties to A&M as College
Station did. But even then, it was really
basically one metropolitan area. Brown was about
20,000, 30,000, and College Station was probably
6,000 or 7,000. But you could hardly tell the
difference between the two communities. But what
was there, if you wanted to walk off campus, what
was there to eat or entertain? It was bad. It was
grim. I only remember two eating places that you'd
ever want to eat at off campus. A place called
Zaropi's, which was a Mexican food place. Where
was that? It was close to the campus. I don't
remember exactly where it was. Probably a little
bit, as I recall, it was east of Highway 6. And on big
occasions, we'd go to Zaropi's or Werman's,
W-H-R-M-A-N, Werman's, which is a chicken fried
steak place. And you'd get a chicken fried steak
that'd cover a whole plate for a buck. So those were
the two places, the only two places I had any
recollection of eating off campus. Was Lupo yet in
business? Oh, sure. Where was he at? Well, Lupo had
the same place over there in... Northgate.
Northgate. In fact, it's kind of funny, when I was a
senior in high school and had been accepted at A&M,
and I used accepted kind of loosely because it
didn't take too much to be accepted, but I started
getting all this mail from vendors around campus,
and Lupo was the only one whose advertisement said
he would take 50% off on books, and all of them said
40%, so I went to Lupo's. And the first thing I did
when I got on campus was to buy all my engineering
books at Lupo's. That was a 55. Did you ever meet
him? Oh, sure. Describe him. Oh, gosh.
Personality. Oh, he was a back slapper. He had
friends in high places. He was kind of funny. I
don't think he ever achieved economic greatness
or intellectual greatness, but everybody liked
him. He was just the main figure on the campus, kind
of like Pinky Downs was before I got there.
Actually, Pinky was still alive when I got there.
Lupo would always be the center of attraction.
We'd come into a football game, knew everybody's
names. Helped, tremendous help to the freshman in
particular. You mentioned Pinky Downs.